hey how's it going Dave 2d here and
today's video is about the pixel book
the new Chromebook from Google and
there's a lot of good reviews about this
thing but I want to do something a
little bit more encompassing because I
feel like some of the reviews that there
are a little misleading not
intentionally so they're just not
looking at the bigger picture of what
this product is or what this product
isn't so I kind of want to go through
its paces so let's just talk about the
hardware first the hardware is fantastic
everything that you've read about how
good the hardware is is exactly that
it's literally the best built Chromebook
available on the market it's expensive
it's $1000 but it is really good the
keyboard is excellent backlit and way
better than most other Chromebooks I
would say it's better than a lot of
other regular laptops even the trackpad
is pretty good it's built really well
with great material choices and a good
button mechanic but there's a little bit
of a stutter in Chrome OS the white
rubber pads are nice they're supposedly
quite resistant to dirts
or any kind of staining and they
position them all over the device to
kind of protect it when you have it
closed or just give it a little bit of
grip so when you're using it you just
feel more confident in its ability to
not get damaged the tablet mode is less
awesome to me it's not super bad it's
just not as comfortable as I'd like my
tablet to be the keyboards on the bottom
is to kind of touch that every time you
use it and it's a little bit thicker and
heavier than a dedicated tablet would be
but any kind of two-in-one foldable
device is gonna feel like this and as a
tablet it's not bad one thing that seems
a little bit buggy right now though is
that you can't run the apps in
split-screen so if you're in tablet mode
you're running in a full screen all the
time hopefully a little to fix that with
a software update there's an optional
stylus called the pixel book pen which I
didn't bring into work today to film but
it basically works as intended the lag
is very minimal as long as the apps have
been recently updated it's a good stylus
as you would expect but there's this
feature where you can circle things in
chrome and Google a search for it which
honestly feels really geeky I tried it a
bunch of times and just the accuracy
isn't there for whatever reason it's
just pulling up stuff that is somewhat
related kind of to the thing that you've
circled but is never something that I
really wanted to search for performance
is good it's running some seventh gen
Intel chips but it's a Chromebook right
I feel like the average person that's
gonna be using this pixel book probably
will
detects at all that heart and the
battery life is okay I mean it's good
but I just expected it to be better
considering how low demand this whole
system is I'm getting around eight hours
of battery life okay I want to talk
about the OS and Chrome OS is probably
where this whole thing starts to break
down
I like Chrome OS I think it's a great
system I think a lot of people call it a
limited operating system I disagree I
don't think it's I mean limited is just
the wrong word I would kind of want to
approach it it's just a different way of
using your computer I think a lot of
people out there can use Chrome OS
perfectly and just get through
everything that they need to do and they
don't even realize it they think that
they need Mac OS or Windows to do what
they do but they don't they actually
could do everything that they need to do
with chrome OS the problem however and I
think this is where I think everything
breaks apart is the price tag this thing
is a thousand dollars and when you look
at the price of any kind of competitor
product so a 12-inch MacBook a MacBook
Air and XPS 13 razor blade stealth iPad
pro all of these things can do what the
Chromebook does but more much more and I
feel like that is why I that's why this
product is so hard for me to recommend
to people I think it's a good product I
think it's good for what it is but it
should be priced at like seven or eight
hundred dollars see I did a video a
while ago called the best Chromebook
this was sometime in the spring I think
or like early summer of 2017 and to me
at the time the best Chromebook was a
product that was five hundred dollars
it's the Asus c30 - I think and that's a
great product but it's very expensive
for what it is a Chromebook for five
hundred dollars kind of took people
aback I mean you can buy Chromebooks
four to three hundred dollars that are
really really good a $500 Chromebook was
whoa easy now Dave like are you sure you
want to recommend a $500 Chromebook this
is a thousand dollar Chromebook and it
is better if this is the new best
Chromebook but like who's gonna buy this
and the thing you have to keep in mind
is it if you're gonna spend a thousand
dollars and that's so much money you
have to justify its purchase like you
gotta be able to use this and prefer it
over any of the other devices that I've
met
and I think for most people that's just
not the case if you want better battery
life there's other options if you want
the ability to play games there's other
options there's just so much more
versatility with the other choices over
this even the iPad pro can do more than
this can just for the average person and
it sucks because this is such a good
device it's just overpriced and four or
five years ago when this original pixel
came out like the original Chromebook
pixel came out it was really impressive
because Hardware looked so amazing for
its time but nowadays everybody who's
got a hand in the laptop ministry is
making really good hardware Dell has
good stuff HP the razor like there's so
much good hardware to choose from that
is difficult for this thing to stand out
just on Hardware atlona I think a lot of
the review that there are so impressed
by the hardware though like ooh shiny
pretty but the usage experience is still
very it's just not there it just doesn't
have the versatility that a thousand
dollar device should have okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it
subs you loved it see you guys next time
you
[Music]